#summary Morphological Reconstruction performance comparison.

= Introduction =

MR performance comparison for OpenCL, Nvidia Cuda, OpenMP and standard serial CPU implementations.


= Details =

== OpenCL/CUDA on GPU ==

|| || OPENCL || NVIDIA CUDA || *ratio* ||
|| GeForce GT 460 || 1s 380ms || 1s 228ms  || 0,89 || 
|| GeForce GT 430 || 4s 912ms || 4s 223ms  || 0,86 || 
|| Tesla C2070 || 1s 146ms || 0s 897ms || 0,79 || 
|| AMD FirePro™ W9000 || || || ||

== OpenCL/serial CPU/OpenMP on CPU ==

|| || OPENCL || CPU SERIAL || CPU MULTICORE || *ratio* ||
|| Intel Core Duo T9300 2,5GHz || 50s 495ms || 7s 113ms || 4s 134ms || 0,082 ||

===Possible reasons of poor performance for OpenCL implementation using CPU===
 * Using local queues per work-item and moving them to higher level queue using prefix sum is probably a substantial reason. On CPU architectures every work-group is executed by single thread, from beginning to the end. It cause that there is no concurrency between work-times in work-group. For CPU version, local per-work-item queues should be replaced by per-work-group queues. Each work-item could add data to local queue by simply increasing shared index.
 * OpenCL version was tested using AMD's Ocl implementations on Intel CPU. I may cause that code is not the best optimized.

=== Possible solutions ===
 * Separate MR Ocl implementation for gpu and cpu version.



== Test data ==

Data used are located in test_data directory on svn repositry.

The last part of the marker file name ('eroded_Nx') means how many times
erosion was performed on original image (mask).

Marker - mask pairs used for testing:

 * mr_tests/in-imrecon-gray-marker.png
 * mr_tests/gbm2.1.ndpi-0000004096-0000004096_inv_eroded_4x.png
 * mr_tests/normal.3.ndpi-0000028672-0000012288_inv_eroded_3x.png
 * mr_tests/oligoastroIII.1.ndpi-0000053248-0000008192_inv_eroded_3x.png
 * mr_tests/oligoIII.1.ndpi-0000012288-0000028672_inv_eroded_3x.png

 * mr_tests/in-imrecon-gray-mask.png
 * mr_tests/gbm2.1.ndpi-0000004096-0000004096_inv.png
 * mr_tests/normal.3.ndpi-0000028672-0000012288_inv.png
 * mr_tests/oligoastroIII.1.ndpi-0000053248-0000008192_inv.png
 * mr_tests/oligoIII.1.ndpi-0000012288-0000028672_inv.png